Okay. Now let's look at the app start itself.
So not only do you need to go in and set up the base image,
install things inside of their copy or source code,
but you also need to be thinking about, "Well,
what do I do when I run this Docker image?
How do I make it automatically start the service that I actually want to talk to you?"
So let's go ahead and see how that works.
So the way you do that is you go through and you create this command,
and this command as it actually run at the very end of your Docker file.
So we see here that this command is going to run the Python
interpreter that's inside of this base Docker image right here.
We know it's going to be Python 3.7.
Then we know that we've copied web.py
which is essentially at the root level of the directory.
So web.py will now start up automatically because we told
it explicitly to run at the very end of our Docker configurations.
So this is a really important final step.
It's only one line of code.
But it's important to think about that if you're building something that's a service,
you need to start the service at the very end of your Docker file configuration.